little
You are back.
I just came back to pay you back.
little
Can you tell me why you suddenly left?
I don't want there to be a misunderstanding between us.
Don't you know what you've done?
Ah, see for yourself
Nothing happened between me and him
Originally that day
He told me.
He said he found out everything about you
I didn't want to go
But I'm afraid he'll be bad for you.
I'm going to go over and warn him
I didn't expect him to drug me
Took this photo
little
Do you believe me?
Are you all right?
I'm fine, he doesn't dare to do anything to me
Sorry uncle
I misunderstood you.
To say sorry, I should say sorry
I'm already happy you broke it.
Hey, how's the news?